README.md, before:

# Wikipedia Tools for Google Spreadsheets

A **Google Spreadsheets add-on** that makes working with data from **Wikipedia** and **Wikidata** a joy.

![Wikipedia Tools for Google Spreadsheets](https://github.com/tomayac/wikipedia-tools-for-google-spreadsheets/blob/master/screenshot.png "Wikipedia Tools for Google Spreadsheets")

## Installation

Find the [Wikipedia Tools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/wikipedia-tools/aiilcelhmpllcgkhhpifagfehbddkdfp?utm_source=permalink)
in the Google Add-on Store and install them by clicking on the blue "+ Free" button.

## Documentation

Once the add-on is installed, click "Add-ons" > "Wikipedia Tools" > "Show documentation"
in the Google Sheets menu bar to see a sidebar with the full documentation and examples.

## Demo

See the output of the functions in this [Google spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sVduZul787O-bRzuy0UKpRl7bkouxwaIOsxXuJGm6yg/edit?usp=sharing).

## License

Copyright 2016 Thomas Steiner (@tomayac)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

[http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

README: introduce demo up-front, add link to docs
Moved the demo to the beginning of the file,
to allow people to immediately get a taste of what this does.
The screenshot is really a static visualization of the demo,
so it makes sense to be in the same section.

Also added a link to a live rendered version of the documentation,
which allows users to see what's available without first installing the addon.

README.md, after:

# Wikipedia Tools for Google Spreadsheets

A **Google Spreadsheets add-on** that makes working with data from **Wikipedia** and **Wikidata** a joy.

## Demo

See the output of the functions in this [Google spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sVduZul787O-bRzuy0UKpRl7bkouxwaIOsxXuJGm6yg/edit?usp=sharing).

Here's a screenshot:

![Wikipedia Tools for Google Spreadsheets](https://github.com/tomayac/wikipedia-tools-for-google-spreadsheets/blob/master/screenshot.png "Wikipedia Tools for Google Spreadsheets")

## Installation

Find the [Wikipedia Tools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/wikipedia-tools/aiilcelhmpllcgkhhpifagfehbddkdfp?utm_source=permalink)
in the Google Add-on Store and install them by clicking on the blue "+ Free" button.

## Usage documentation

Once the add-on is installed, click "Add-ons" > "Wikipedia Tools" > "Show documentation"
in the Google Sheets menu bar to see a sidebar with the full documentation and examples.

The documentation can also be browsed online without installing the addon, by visiting
[this page](https://rawgit.com/tomayac/wikipedia-tools-for-google-spreadsheets/master/Documentation.html).

## License

Copyright 2016 Thomas Steiner (@tomayac)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

[http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
